fix: sanitization, `innerHtml` usage, and deprecation notice (#988)
braintree/braintree-web-drop-in: README.md

 [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/braintree-web-drop-in.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/braintree-web-drop-in)

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ❤️

> > Starting September 1, 2026 the Drop-in SDK will move to a [deprecated status](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/ios/v6/#status-categories) and we will no longer make any updates to this SDK. Processing will be supported for 1 year after the deprecation date, but you should upgrade immediately to avoid any disruption.

Reviewer: Point to JS docs instead of iOS:

```suggestion
> Starting September 1, 2026 the Drop-in SDK will move to a [deprecated status](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/javascript/v3/#status-categories) and we will no longer make any updates to this SDK. Processing will be supported for 1 year after the deprecation date, but you should upgrade immediately to avoid any disruption.
```

>

> > Starting September 1, 2027 the Drop-in SDK will move to an [unsupported status](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/ios/v6/#status-categories) and will no longer supported by Braintree developers or Braintree Support. Processing for unsupported SDKs can be suspended at any time.

Reviewer: Same link update and add `be`:

```suggestion
> Starting September 1, 2027 the Drop-in SDK will move to an [unsupported status](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/javascript/v3/#status-categories) and will no longer be supported by Braintree developers or Braintree Support. Processing for unsupported SDKs can be suspended at any time.
```
